Fix regression when submitting jobs from a favorited PDS member (#4286)
zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode: packages/zowe-explorer/CHANGELOG.md

## TBD Release

### Bug fixes

> - Fixed an issue where submitting a job from a favorited PDS member would fail. [#4286](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/pull/4286)

Reviewer: Should this link to the issue instead? 

```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where submitting a job from a favorited PDS member would fail. [#4282](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/issues/4282)
```

Not requesting changes because its linked to the PR, but we usually use the issue number and fall back to the PR number if no issue available
